[Music]
hi it's fadi for beauty good food and
welcome to boss the basics this episode
we're gonna be making super easy
flapjacks for this recipe eggs need 250
pounds of jumbo totes but you can use
normal porridge oats content 25 grams of
light brown sugar 125 grams of soft
butter some garlic serie now I've also
got a 20 by 20 square 10 grease so to
start off with we're going to put arrows
put in our scope then our sugar then
platter
and then I'm gonna add three tablespoons
golden syrup
[Music]
gonna lock our lid in place and then
pulse that until the mixture comes
together if you say it is just starting
to come together it's just falling away
from the sides everything's mixed
together and then we've got this sort of
course sort of crumble topping texture
and that is it that's all there is to it
that is perfect
now I haven't lined the tin you don't
need to line the tin the mixer should
just lift off the bottom if your team is
nonstick and if you've breached it
properly I'm gonna tip the mixture in
and then use your fingers actually just
to press it in evenly make sure in our
Tim next bit is my social at all I'm
going to score 12 squares so when it
comes out we know where to cut from so
now I'm going to put that in the oven
which is on 200 degrees about 180 band
and that's going to go in for about 20
minutes and so it's lovely and golden
and we're just going to leave that to
cool pop them out the Tim and then we'll
have lovely flapjacks flapjacks have had
20 minutes you see they're all golden
and beautiful start to caramelize around
the edges it's like those down there
[Music]
now our flat-tax have had 10 minutes
resting in the tin they're not super
soft anymore
and they could just socially be lifted
[Music]
the basics really easy flapjacks
thank you very much for watching and
remember stay safe get cooking
[Music]